---
title: Diary in 2024/11/07
category: English
date: 2024-11-07 21:11:29
tags: English Diary Personal
---

Hi guy, I just started this new series of article. I try to express myself using my English ability. It might be dull,
so I assume no one want to see this. Now bro, get to previous page quickly.

Hmm...Where should I start...Oh! I know, I know.
My name is LIU,CHIH-MIN, everyone call me Clark at work. I worked as a software engineer for more than two years. 
As a software engineer, I'm best at using Java to develop web application. I have tried many language of programming in my
first year engineer days. I have used Python,Javascript,Go,Kolin,Dart. Although this experience. I still decided to put Java
as my best skill. The reason is Java has the most active community, I can easy find out the resolution of my issue. Moreover,
active community also means better ecosystem. Although it does have some weekly, but it doesn't affect me to recongize it as
a best choice of learning programming.
Talk enough about work, let write somethin about myself, shall we?
I got admit that I am not a good software engineer, for I have not get satisfactory for now in my career. It troubled me for a 
long time. I always question myself, did I really feel enough? I am now having a cozy life, I have time to play mobile game, listen
Youtube films, have time to sleep 8 hours a day. Sometime I found myself is a orphange of IT. For most of my college classmate go to 
Studying for a Master Degree. I was the only one who tries to fight as a college student. After these two years, I do find out that 
there will always have something I don't even know or hear about. I have get used to this situation. I tries to learning as much as I
can. But I can never be better than those who overtime throug holidays.
I started to think maybe this is what we called destiny, maybe...just maybe.
